{"bid":1023,
"previous summary id":["chapter 66","chapters 65-66","chapter 66","chapter 66"],
"previous summary":[
    "Well, Sir Dedlock is back at Chesney Wold, but not totally recovered. 
    Lady Dedlock has been buried in the family mausoleum. 
    No one is told exactly how she died, and those few who do know are paid to stay quiet. 
    George Rouncewell helps Sir Dedlock ride his horse. 
    The stables are kept ship-shape by Phil. 
    Mrs. Rouncewell is still the housekeeper. 
    It's implied that when Sir Dedlock dies it'll be the end of the Dedlock family and
    its prominence.",

     
    "The Jarndyce and Jarndyce case is finally ready to \"come up,\" 
    this time at Westminster Hall . 
    On their way to Westminster, Esther and Allan meet Caddy passing by in a carriage. 
    The Jarndyce and Jarndyce case is finally ready to \"come up,\" 
    this time at Westminster Hall . 
    On their way to Westminster, Esther and Allan meet Caddy passing by in a carriage. 
    
    At Westminster Hall, they learn that legal costs have exhausted the entire worth 
    of the estate. The shock is too much for the already ill Richard: 
    though resolved to start life afresh -- \"to begin the world\" -- 
    and reconciled at last with Mr. Jarndyce, he dies the same day. 
    Miss Flite comes weeping to Esther. The \"poor, crazed\" woman has set her birds free.
    Lady Dedlock has been buried unobtrusively in the family mausoleum at Chesney Wold. 
    How she died is a mystery. Sir Leicester, riding on the estate with George Rouncewell,
    constantly honors her memory and her burial place. 
    He and Boythorn still quarrel over the disputed thoroughfare, 
    but in a way that gives satisfaction to both. 
    George and Phil Squod have a permanent residence in one of the lodges of the park. 
    Chesney Wold, now headed only by an aging widower, settles into a \"dull repose.\" 
    Sir Leicester himself will live only a little longer. 
    In the evenings, Volumnia reads political treatises to him. 
    She discovers that she will inherit the estate.",
    
    
    "\"Down in Lincolnshire\" The narrator says that Chesney Wold is now very quiet. 
    Sir Leicester is still alive, but very sick. 
    The feud with Boythorn still continues, 
    but Boythorn now does it as a way of cheering Sir Leicester up. 
    Phil now lives in a lodge on the grounds, maintaining the stables. 
    Mrs. Rouncewell and George still care for Sir Leicester. 
    There are visitors, including Bagnet. Much of the house is closed. 
    Volumnia is still there, but the other cousins come only rarely. 
    The house is so quiet and dismal that people are afraid to walk in it alone",
    
    "Down in Lincolnshire Sir Leicester has buried Lady Dedlock in the family vault 
    with all honors. 
    Boythorn, out of respect, tries to call off their feud about the right of way, 
    but Sir Leicester needs something to keep him going, so they start it up again. 
    George and Phil Squod are also retired in the country, k
    eeping the lodge at Chesney Wold and waiting on Sir Leicester. 
    Mrs. Rouncewell goes to church on the arm of her son. 
    Volumnia amuses Sir Leicester and finds she will be his heir."],
    
"previous source":["shmoop","cliffnotes","sparknotes","novelguide"],
    
"next summary id":"chapter 67",
"next summary":"
    This chapter is like the part at the end of a movie where they freeze-frame 
    each character and tell you what happens to them after the movie ends. 
    So: Esther and Woodcourt live happily ever after . 
    They have two daughters and she enjoys being the doctor's wife . 
    They've built an addition to their house for Jarndyce to come and stay anytime. 
    Caddy and Prince are happily married and run a big dancing school. 
    They have a deaf daughter . Prince is now lame, so Caddy does all the teaching. 
    Mr. Jellyby still comes by every evening. 
    Mrs. Jellyby has abandoned Africa and is now working on getting women into Parliament.
    Ada has a son named Richard Jr. 
    They live in the original Bleak House with Jarndyce as a father to her 
    and grandfather to him.",
"next source":"shmoop"}
