next summary: This chapter is like the part at the end of a movie where they freeze-frame each character and tell you what happens to them after the movie ends. So: Esther and Woodcourt live happily ever after . They have two daughters and she enjoys being the doctor's wife . They've built an addition to their house for Jarndyce to come and stay anytime. Caddy and Prince are happily married and run a big dancing school. They have a deaf daughter . Prince is now lame, so Caddy does all the teaching. Mr. Jellyby still comes by every evening. Mrs. Jellyby has abandoned Africa and is now working on getting women into Parliament. Ada has a son named Richard Jr. They live in the original Bleak House with Jarndyce as a father to her and grandfather to him.
prev sent: Well, Sir Dedlock is back at Chesney Wold, but not totally recovered
prev sent:  Lady Dedlock has been buried in the family mausoleum
prev sent:  No one is told exactly how she died, and those few who do know are paid to stay quiet
prev sent:  George Rouncewell helps Sir Dedlock ride his horse
prev sent:  The stables are kept ship-shape by Phil
prev sent:  Mrs
prev sent:  Rouncewell is still the housekeeper
prev sent:  It's implied that when Sir Dedlock dies it'll be the end of the Dedlock family and its prominence
prev sent: 
recap:   The stables are kept ship-shape by Phil.  Rouncewell is still the housekeeper. 
prev sent: The Jarndyce and Jarndyce case is finally ready to "come up," this time at Westminster Hall 
prev sent:  On their way to Westminster, Esther and Allan meet Caddy passing by in a carriage
prev sent:  The Jarndyce and Jarndyce case is finally ready to "come up," this time at Westminster Hall 
prev sent:  On their way to Westminster, Esther and Allan meet Caddy passing by in a carriage
prev sent:  At Westminster Hall, they learn that legal costs have exhausted the entire worth of the estate
prev sent:  The shock is too much for the already ill Richard: though resolved to start life afresh -- "to begin the world" -- and reconciled at last with Mr
prev sent:  Jarndyce, he dies the same day
prev sent:  Miss Flite comes weeping to Esther
prev sent:  The "poor, crazed" woman has set her birds free
prev sent:  Lady Dedlock has been buried unobtrusively in the family mausoleum at Chesney Wold
prev sent:  How she died is a mystery
prev sent:  Sir Leicester, riding on the estate with George Rouncewell, constantly honors her memory and her burial place
prev sent:  He and Boythorn still quarrel over the disputed thoroughfare, but in a way that gives satisfaction to both
prev sent:  George and Phil Squod have a permanent residence in one of the lodges of the park
prev sent:  Chesney Wold, now headed only by an aging widower, settles into a "dull repose
prev sent: " Sir Leicester himself will live only a little longer
prev sent:  In the evenings, Volumnia reads political treatises to him
prev sent:  She discovers that she will inherit the estate
prev sent: 
recap:  The Jarndyce and Jarndyce case is finally ready to "come up," this time at Westminster Hall .  On their way to Westminster, Esther and Allan meet Caddy passing by in a carriage.  The Jarndyce and Jarndyce case is finally ready to "come up," this time at Westminster Hall .  On their way to Westminster, Esther and Allan meet Caddy passing by in a carriage.  At Westminster Hall, they learn that legal costs have exhausted the entire worth of the estate.  Jarndyce, he dies the same day.  Lady Dedlock has been buried unobtrusively in the family mausoleum at Chesney Wold.  Sir Leicester, riding on the estate with George Rouncewell, constantly honors her memory and her burial place. 
prev sent: "Down in Lincolnshire" The narrator says that Chesney Wold is now very quiet
prev sent:  Sir Leicester is still alive, but very sick
prev sent:  The feud with Boythorn still continues, but Boythorn now does it as a way of cheering Sir Leicester up
prev sent:  Phil now lives in a lodge on the grounds, maintaining the stables
prev sent:  Mrs
prev sent:  Rouncewell and George still care for Sir Leicester
prev sent:  There are visitors, including Bagnet
prev sent:  Much of the house is closed
prev sent:  Volumnia is still there, but the other cousins come only rarely
prev sent:  The house is so quiet and dismal that people are afraid to walk in it alone
recap:   Much of the house is closed. 
next summary: But I reckon I got to light out for the territory ahead of the rest, because Aunt Sally she's going to adopt me and sivilize me, and I can't stand it. I been there before. When Huck asks Tom what he had planned to do once he had freed the already-freed Jim, Tom replies that he was planning to repay Jim for his troubles and send him back a hero, giving him a reception complete with a marching band. When Aunt Polly and the Phelpses hear about the assistance Jim gave the doctor in nursing Tom, they immediately unchain him, feed him, and treat him like a king. Tom gives Jim forty dollars for his troubles, and Jim declares that the omen of his hairy chest--which was supposed to bring him fortune--has come true. Tom makes a full recovery and wears the bullet from his leg on a watch-guard around his neck. He and Huck would like to go on another adventure, to "Indian Territory". Huck thinks it quite possible that Pap has taken all his money by now, but Jim says that could not have happened. Jim tells Huck that the dead body they found on the floating house during the flood was Pap. Huck now has nothing more to write about and is "rotten glad" about that, because writing a book turned out to be quite a task. He does not plan any future writings. Instead, he plans to head out west immediately because Aunt Sally is already trying to "sivilize" him. Huck has had quite enough of that
prev sent: Tom does not return, and Silas's efforts to find him end in vain
prev sent:  In the meantime, a letter arrives from Aunt Polly, Sally's sister
prev sent:  Sally casts the letter aside when she sees Tom, who she thinks is Sid
prev sent:  The boy is brought in semi-conscious on a mattress, accompanied by a crowd including Jim, in chains, and the doctor
prev sent:  Some of the local men would like to hang Jim but are unwilling to risk having to compensate Jim's master
prev sent:  They treat Jim roughly and chain him hand and foot inside the shed
prev sent:  The doctor intervenes, telling the crowd how Jim has sacrificed his freedom to help nurse Tom
prev sent:  Sally, meanwhile, stays at Tom's bedside, glad that his condition has improved
prev sent:  Tom wakes and gleefully details how they set Jim free
prev sent:  Horrified to learn that Jim is now in chains, Tom explains that Miss Watson died two months ago and that her will stipulated that Jim should be set free
prev sent:  The old woman regretted ever having considered selling Jim down the river
prev sent:  Just then, Aunt Polly walks into the room
prev sent:  She has come to Arkansas from St
prev sent:  Petersburg after receiving a letter from Sally mentioning that Sid Sawyer--Tom's alias--had arrived with "Tom"--who was actually Huck
prev sent:  Tom has been intercepting communications between the sisters, and Polly has been forced to appear in person to sort out the confusion
prev sent:  After a tearful reunion with Sally, she identifies Tom and Huck and yells at both boys for their misadventures
recap:  Tom does not return, and Silas's efforts to find him end in vain.  In the meantime, a letter arrives from Aunt Polly, Sally's sister.  Sally casts the letter aside when she sees Tom, who she thinks is Sid.  Some of the local men would like to hang Jim but are unwilling to risk having to compensate Jim's master.  The doctor intervenes, telling the crowd how Jim has sacrificed his freedom to help nurse Tom.  Sally, meanwhile, stays at Tom's bedside, glad that his condition has improved.  Tom wakes and gleefully details how they set Jim free.  Horrified to learn that Jim is now in chains, Tom explains that Miss Watson died two months ago and that her will stipulated that Jim should be set free.  The old woman regretted ever having considered selling Jim down the river.  Just then, Aunt Polly walks into the room.  Petersburg after receiving a letter from Sally mentioning that Sid Sawyer--Tom's alias--had arrived with "Tom"--who was actually Huck.  Tom has been intercepting communications between the sisters, and Polly has been forced to appear in person to sort out the confusion.  After a tearful reunion with Sally, she identifies Tom and Huck and yells at both boys for their misadventures. 
